adding php language (#44)
devstrons/hello-world: lang/php.md

---
lang: PHP
syntax: php
title: PHP is popular!
author: irsayvid
---

```php
<?php
echo "Hello World!";
?>
```

> Docs: PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development. It is a widely-used, free, and efficient alternative to competitors such as Microsoft's ASP. It is powerful tool for making web pages dynamic and interactive. It is very efficient and can serve millions of hits per day. It is easy to integrate and suports many databases such as MySQL. It is easy to learn and uses both procedural and oject oriented programming. Using php, it is easy to modify database and restrict access to differrent pages for different users. Laravel and Codeigniter are two popular frameworks in php. [Here](https://hackr.io/blog/php-projects) is a blog for users to get started with php, how to setup and write your first hello world in php. It contains few interesting projects you can do in php. 

Reviewer: A lot of grammar and spelling issues.
```suggestion
Docs: PHP is a popular general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited to web development. It is a widely-used, free, and efficient alternative to competitors such as Microsoft's ASP. It is a powerful tool for making web pages dynamic and interactive. It is very efficient and can serve millions of hits per day. It is easy to integrate and supports many databases such as MySQL. It is easy to learn and uses both procedural and object-oriented programming. Using PHP, it is easy to modify the database and restrict access to different pages for different users. Laravel and Codeigniter are two popular frameworks in PHP. [Here](https://hackr.io/blog/php-projects) is a blog for users to get started with PHP, how to set up and write your first hello world in PHP. It contains few interesting projects you can do in PHP. 

```

---
lang: PHP
syntax: php
title: PHP is popular!
author: irsayvid
---

```php
<?php

> echo "Hello World!";

Reviewer: I think this missed a 4-line indentation?

A PHP framework provides a basic structure for streamlining the development of web apps. We use them because they speed up the development process.

**Listed below are few popular PHP frameworks:**

- Laravel
- CodeIgniter
- Symfony
- CakePHP

> ## Setting up PHP environment locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting up PHP environment locally
```

---
lang: PHP
syntax: php
title: PHP is popular!
author: irsayvid
---

```php
<?php

> echo "Hello World!";

Reviewer 2: Indent this line with 4 spaces.

A PHP framework provides a basic structure for streamlining the development of web apps. We use them because they speed up the development process.

**Listed below are few popular PHP frameworks:**

- Laravel
- CodeIgniter
- Symfony
- CakePHP

## Setting up PHP environment locally:

Instead of downloading various components separately, I feel it’s good to install all in one packages like [XAMPP]( https://www.apachefriends.org/index.html), [WAMP]( https://www.wampserver.com/en/) which contain Apache, PHP, MySQL, and many other dependencies in a single installation file.

In this tutorial, I’ll guide how to install XAMPP. Before getting started, let’s know the full form of XAMPP
X — Cross-platform (X), as it supports multiple operating systems
A — Apache HTTP Server
M — MariaDB (formerly MySQL)
P — PHP
P — PERL

Additionally, XAMPP comes with other useful tools such as Mercury mail server, phpMyAdmin for database administration, Webalizer for web server log analysis, OpenSSL, Apache Tomcat for running Java code, and FileZilla FTP server.
Currently, the latest stable version of PHP is 7.4

**Step 1:**

> Navigate to https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html and download the latest stable version of PHP according to your OS (windows/Linux/OSX)

Reviewer 2: Change line 50 to 👇 

```
[Click here](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html) to download the latest stable version of PHP according to your OS (windows/Linux/OSX)
```

Complete the setup and run XAMPP Control Panel.

**Step 3:**
In the control panel, click on config button. Click on the start button beside Apache and MySQL modules. You can access your Apache server’s dashboard by clicking on the admin button beside it. Alternatively, you can also reach it via http://localhost/dashboard/ URL in your browser.
You can access your phpMyAdmin dashboard by clicking the admin button beside MySQL module. Or you can simply go to http://localhost/phpmyadmin/ in your browser. Here, you can manage the MariaDB (or MySQL) databases of your web projects.

**Writing your first hello world program in php:**
Create a new folder hello in C:\xampp\htdocs\ (The C: drive may vary based on the location you chose for installation). Inside the new folder, right click and create a new file ‘hello.php’. Write the below code in your new file.

```php
<?php

> echo "Hello World!";

Reviewer 2: Indent this line with 4 spaces.

?>
```

> Navigate to  http://localhost/hello/hello.php in your preferred browser.

Reviewer 2: Change line 69 to 👇 

```
Navigate to [http://localhost/hello/hello.php](http://localhost/hello/hello.php) in your preferred browser.
```

If it displays “Hello World!”, you’ve successfully setup XAMPP server and wrote your first few lines in PHP.

> *Congratulations on making it till the end!*

If you’re looking for some projects in PHP for inspiration or contribution, checkout the below projects:

- [Project Celadon](https://github.com/Webwiznitr/Project-celadon-2.0)
- [Project Sirius](https://github.com/CYBORG-NIT-ROURKELA/project-sirius)
- [Top open source projects in PHP]( https://github.com/trending/php)

> # PHP is case insensitive!

Reviewer 2: Remove this heading and this point anywhere after line 37 (while setting up the dev environment.
